[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai.
After a fierce battle
for the Junior Division title,
Goten was thrown
from the ring before
a stunned audience and
Trunks declared the winner.
Has the new pint-sized champion
let victory go to his head?
The tournament continues--now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
Oh, Dad.
[MR. SATAN grunts]
[yells]
Good technique, kid!
Yeah-uh! Uh...
We have ourselves a winner!
Wow! Outstanding!
Ladies and gentlemen,
give it up for Trunks!
Now that's sportsmanship
any way you slice 'er.
Takes a big man
to let a kid beat'cha.
He's gotta be the coolest
guy in the whole world!
[MR. SATAN chuckles]
[laughing]
Excellently played,
and gracious in
the face of defeat.
Well, you know,
sometimes you gotta
let the underdog
have his day in the sun.
[TRUNKS]
Okay, I'm confused.
Did I own him that easily,
or did he just throw the
match to make me look good?
[groans, wails]
It hurts! It hurts!
Squirrelly little show off!
What don't you
get about a nudge?
All right, folks!
There'll be a thirty
minute break before
we kick off with the main event,
so save those voices and be
ready to let it all hang out!
You heard right:
the Adult Division
title is up for
grabs starting at 1:40pm.
Don't touch that dial!
Seems like a
weird time to start.
Maybe, yeah.
But at least we'll have a chance
to grab something to eat.
Whoa. Sorry, guys.
I'm afraid this area is
reserved for applicants
who made it through
the preliminaries.
Uh-huh.
Not to be diva or anything,
but I think we're good.
If there's a list
of who's qualified,
I'm pretty sure our
names are on it.
Uh. A moment if you would.
Okey-doke.
And you are?
I am Goku.
Krillin.
I'm called Eighteen.
Vegeta.
Ma Junior.
Ma Junior?
I'm not gonna give 'em
my real name.
I have a past to
think about, don't I?
Yeah. Good point there.
Oh, dear. There you are!
Please accept my apologies!
You've passed the
preliminaries and then some!
Go on in, all of you.
The drawing to determine
the first-round brackets
will be starting at 1:30.
[GOKU]
One-thirty, huh?
Still gives us twenty minutes.
[KRILLIN] You know, I gotta say:
the other contestants really
don't look like they can
hold a candle to us--
not that I'm complaining;
prize money is prize money.
'Cept it won't do me
much good in Otherworld.
Neh, it's a tradeoff.
Death my be monontonous,
but at least
you don't age, right?
You know. You could
come back with me.
Sounds tempting.
I could use a little break.
Life gets crazy
when you're--I mean!
Ugh...
[TRUNKS] Hey, Goten!
Come have a look at this!
Huh? Okay.
Check it out.
That freak down
there in the mask.
[GOTEN chuckles]
Looks like he made it
out of a trash bag.
[TRUNKS] Thing is, if he's
back here that means he's
made it through
the preliminaries.
Think about it
for a second.
Heh. We can pull off
that outfit together, yeah?
The two of us could
sneak into the Adult Division
with that on and
no one will know!
But. It's his.
Ah, it is now.
But if he's out cold and happens
to be hidden in some bushes,
then it's what'cha
call finders keepers.
All we gotta do is
bonk him on the head.
That's crazy, Trunks!
C'mon, you know we
wouldn't get away with it!
I thought you'd
be cool with this!
You wanna fight with
the big guys or what?
Well, yeah.
Of course I want to.
Uh-huh.
That's what I thought!
Wait! Hold on!
'Scuse me.
Buzz off, and no autographs.
There's a hot lady over
there who wants to talk to you,
but she's too nervous
to break the ice.
What?
She'd be so mad at me if she
knew I told you that, though.
No sweat,
I'll act casual!
She's gonna flip out!
[MIGHTY MASK laughs]
So, where's she at, huh?
I'm warnin' you,
I'm pretty particular, kid.
This gal'd better be
a real knockout!
Night!
We're so dead.
Don't just stand there. Wuss.
This is a great idea
and you know it.
'Kay. Give me a hand.
[GOTEN] We--We're
really gonna wear this?
[TRUNKS]
Yep.
[GOTEN] But it's too big!
They'll know it's just me!
[TRUNKS] No, no, no!
We'll both be in there.
That's the whole point.
Oh. Wait, what?
You really think
they're gonna buy it?
Yeah! It's the
perfect disguise!
We rule! What I tell ya?
Now. Come on!
If you say so.
Beg your pardon, sir.
The drawing's about to start.
[TRUNKS] Yeah, sure.
I was just headed that way.
Wasn't I?
Yep!
Right!
Forward, march--H-Hey!
I said forward!
What are you--
[GOTEN] Kinda hard to see
where I'm going from down here.
[TRUNKS] So poke
a couple of holes!
[GOTEN]
Oh.
Ha! This is gonna
be awesome!
Ah! That hits the spot.
Hey. Slow down, huh?
You'll give yourself
cramps eating like that.
I'm surprised a guy in
your position can get hungry.
I'm not. It's just
the food on this side
is so good
I can't help myself.
You can't get this
stuff in Otherworld!
Ah. Here they all are.
Oh. Hey there!
How'd the fight turn out?
[GOHAN] Trunks won.
Didn't take long.
[VEGETA]
Shocker.
The buzz is
he took a dive so the
kid could feel
good about himself.
Mhmmm.
Oh, of course.
"And for my next trick,
I'll run away!"
What exactly
are you saying?
He's just talking about
this guy we used to know.
[chuckles nervously]
Gimme a break!
You have to watch what
you say around her, Krillin!
[KRILLIN] Sorry.
That was my bad.
Gohan.
We went ahead and ordered
you some grub if you want.
You gonna eat?
Oh, uh. Yeah!
You guys rule!
[GOHAN] Oh, man.
This stuff's amazing.
Right? Hey, can
we get another round?
[VIDEL] What is
with these people?
[VEGETA]
More!
Seriously?
For cryin' out loud,
do Saiyan stomachs
not have a cutoff valve?
[VEGETA]
Waitress!
Wait, Saiya-what?
We talked about this!
[KRILLIN]
Sorry! Sorry!
That was an accident!
I'll just try to
keep my mouth shut.
Mmm! Aaah!
Now that's what'cha
call delicious!
You know, next to
you guys the thing I miss
most about this world is
the totally awesome food.
So how come
you didn't eat?
You on a diet or somethin'?
They should
be just a couple of
minutes away from the drawing.
[intense music plays]
Hey. Is it just me,
or is that guy hovering?
Good day to you.
Do I have the pleasure
of addressing Goku?
Uh. Yeah, but how do
you even know me?
Oh, your reputation
proceeds you, I'd say.
Many stories circulate
about your prowess
both in and out of the ring.
I've actually come here
to satisfy my curiosity.
I've passed the
preliminaries, like yourself,
and hope the lineup will give
us the chance to compete.
Don't worry,
I'm not foolish enough
to think I could
defeat you.
I only wish to know if all the
legends about you are true.
Come now.
Let us shake hands.
Pleased to meet'cha.
[chuckles]
Excellent.
Clearly you possess
a spirit worthy of legend.
Good day.
Who in the world
was that?
No clue.
But y'know, meeting
someone like that has
a funny way of
making me think that
maybe this tournament
isn't a sure win after all.
[grunts]
Do you think so?
I dunno, he doesn't
look all that tough to me.
Just some creep-a-zoid
in an fancy outfit
who likes to toss
around big words.
They're not from
around here, are they?
Earth, I mean.
No.
[PICCOLO]
Well, whoever they are,
why travel to
an out-of-the-way
cosmic outpost like this for
a friendly sparring match?
Gohan. Help me out here.
What's with
all the sci-fi talk?
Oh, it's just him.
Don't worry.
He's not playing
with a full deck.
I hear ya.
No need to ask why he
paints himself green, then.
Okay, so we can
all agree that was weird.
But whatever,
let's get to the drawing
before they shuffle
us to the bottom.
Uh. Yeah. Sure!
[KRILLIN] We're looking at what?
Sixteen contestants total?
Not a bad number.
Doubt any of 'em are worth
writing home about, though.
Ah! There they are!
Yo!
[ANNOUNCER] Okay,
I think that's everyone.
Let's get on with
drawing, shall we?
Mr. Satan's
on the way, I assume?
[MONK 11E] Actually,
Mr. Satan's feeling
a little bit under the weather.
If it's all right with you,
he'd like us
to draw on his behalf.
Oh, I see.
Yes. Well.
Attention, contestants!
We're about to
begin the drawing.
When your name is called, please
come up here and take a number.
That'll tell us who
you're paired with.
Okay.
Just hear me out.
All I'm asking for is
to not be put up against
any of my friends.
Really?
Praying for luck?
It won't help.
Yeah, yeah. I know.
But it never hurts to try.
[GOKU]
'Cept for those two,
nobody here seems
all that special.
They look angry.
Wonder what that's about.
And check out the crazy
veins on their foreheads.
Wow.
Now there's a sight
you don't see every day.
A guy shaped like a pear.
[ANNOUNCER]
Right. The first name
on the list is--
Uh, I think it's Killa?
Yo.
It looks like,
I'm fourteen.
Yes. Fourteen.
That spot goes to Killa.
Contestant fourteen.
Name: Killa.
[MONK 11E] Killa.
Number fourteen.
K-i-l-l-a.
All-right!
Here we go, people--this
is gonna be amazing!
[CROWD cheers]
All right. Kibito.
You're next.
Ah.
Number seven it is.
The name
is Kibito. Seven.
[ANNOUNCER]
Krillin, you're up!
Oh, uh.
Here goes nothin'.
Deep breath.
Come on, baby.
Give daddy a good number.
Oh man, you're tellin'
me I'm the lead-off match?
[ANNOUNCER]
Next, Great Saiyaman!
Here.
I've got eight.
[GOHAN]
I'm with him?
Hey. Something tells me
it'd be a good idea to keep
your guard up
around this character.
Right. Yeah.
He does give off
that kinda vibe.
Next up...
Contestant Number
Eighteen, apparently.
So, you don't care to
give us another name?
No. Is there some
kind of problem?
Looks like I'm nine.
Do we have a Shin?
Indeed.
Three is my number.
[GOKU]
So he calls himself Shin.
That's a new one to me.
Um. So.
Did we ever think
to get this guy's name?
[GOTEN] What?
No, I thought you knew it.
Next in line is Spopovitch.
C'mon up!
[ANNOUNCER]
Contestant Spopovitch,
please come up
and draw a number.
Hey. No one's
answering yet.
I'm thinking this is us.
Should we go up or--
[GOTEN]
Yeah, totally.
Well? Get moving!
[GOTEN]
Uh, okay.
[ANNOUNCER] Is there
a Spopovitch in the house?
[TRUNKS] Yeah, yeah!
Hold up!
Here we are!
Uh--Here I am!
Coming!
Let's do this.
Wait just a moment, please--
you're Mighty Mask,
are you not?
[SPOPOVITCH]
Outta my way!
Spopovitch is me!
Oh. Hi.
[TRUNKS]
Way to go, genius!
Now everyone thinks
our guy has a screw loose!
What did I tell ya?
[GOTEN] Don't even
push this off on me:
it was your idea
to go up there!
Spopovitch, you--
You certainly have changed
since the last tournament.
I hardly recognized you.
Ah. Number six, yes.
Man!
Why didn't he answer when
the called him the first time?
Nice creepy
bald guy look, buddy!
[ANNOUNCER]
Contestant Jewel.
I've got sixteen.
[ANNOUNCER]
Right. Jewel. Sixteen.
Yeah, that's right!
Lucky number sixteen
for the Jewel-enator!
Not to brag, but we're
from the same hometown.
Ha! Hey! Look at me!
I'm Jewel. I'm gonna lose!
[CHICHI] What are
they doing back there?
Get Goku on the board!
Come on, muscle-head:
win wifey some scratch!
Now, calm down, hon.
Win or lose, it's how you play
the game that matters most.
Knock it off!
This isn't the time
for philosophy, Dad!
We're in dire
need of money!
We could've had
enough but oh no,
Trunks had to
steal my baby boy's
victory out from under him,
which in case you
need a refresher course in
basic finance, means everything
is now riding on Goku!
Unfortunately, your
"calm down, hon" speeches
don't pay the bills.
Okay. Goku, please.
Right. Guess it's
my turn now.
Hup.
Which one am I gonna be?
Uh, Number 11?
[GOLU]
Cool!
[GOKU] No partner
yet, though, huh?
Wonder who it'll be.
Videl, come on up!
Here!
Shouldn't Dad
be in charge of this?
Oh, your father's
having a bit
of a lie-down at the moment.
Number five.
Gohan!
I totally didn't
know that was
Mr. Satan's daughter
over there!
Oh yeah, that's right.
Huh.
Doesn't look very much like
her old man, now does she?
That explains the way
you've been acting.
Well, she's--
she's kinda cute.
Dude, let me work my
magic and I guarantee you
love birds will be on your
honeymoon in no time!
Whoa! What are
you talking about?
It's not like that!
We're not even going out!
[KRILLIN] Whatever.
Take it easy.
Pintar.
Number Two.
Oh yeah!
Let's have a look at
the sap I'm gonna fight!
[PINTAR chuckles]
You the man
they call Krillin?
Yep. That's me.
Just a fair warning, chum:
I don't take mercy
on pipsqueaks.
You'll rue the day you ever
stepped into the ring with me!
Meh. You're all talk.
I've tangled with my
share of Chatty Kathies
and they all go down
like a ton of bricks.
This is gonna be easy.
Whew.
Why you!
Watch yourself, short stuff!
Nobody talks trash to
Pintar and gets away with it!
Best write up your
last will and testament,
'cause you'll wish you had!
[ANNOUNCER]
Next up, Vegeta.
Looks like you're
number twelve.
You gotta
be kidding me.
[MONK 11C]
Number 12, Vegeta.
Uh-oh!
Things are about
to get really ugly.
[VEGETA]
Perfect.
Me and Kakarot,
exactly as I wanted.
Oh, I've been waiting for this.
Vegeta.
[NARRATOR] Goku and Vegeta
are slated to meet in the
first round of the World
Martial Arts Tournament!
Will the arena still be
standing for round two?
The competition commences,
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
Awesome! My first
opponent's Vegeta!
I'm really gonna have to bring
my A-game for this one, huh?
Hey, what's wrong
with you, Piccolo?
[PICCOLO] Watch
yourself out there.
Something about this Shin
character makes me uneasy.
[GOKU] Next time
on Dragon Ball Z Kai!
[GOHAN] I've never
seen Piccolo so helpless.